This is aitomation machine to working place.

i have build up the hardware side and there was also lots of not so easy problems. arduino has one broken digital pin
and nucleo has also one pin broken. nucleo causes problem with usb serial communication and arduino didnt set the pin to zero at all.
I was define that pin to SSEL to nucleo. 

101 version.
bugs  and figure out these:
devices are communicating some how and sensors are working. in spi therre is some problem because sometimes old messages leave to memory
and device might send old message. in spi the small delays after and before communication are important but i have adjust those. so when
i build up the software i have to figure out what causes that old message problem.Also fan are causing some disturb signal to serial 
communication.

working now.
-sensors, screens in arduino and nucleo. serial communication chips are working and rfid reader. 

102 version.
bugs. network still not working, spi is sending sometimes old messages, i cant flash a new firmware to esp8266 wlan card.
maybe i keep little time off of this project. lots of hours behind with this project.

103 version. 10.3.2022
now motion sensor is working.i add person in room boolean when it goes false if permission is true, it shutdown the soldering.
if motion detected, it power on the soldering station. normally when device dont have permission its light up the lights if movement detected. 
i make a function what keeps checking ultrasonic sensor and motion sensor. if they noticed both that person is room then this value is setting false.
littlebit problems with wlan. I update the firmware to 8266 and add rst pin to nucleo. Not working, gives device error. and sometimes spi keeps old
message. perhaps delays need to adjusment before and after send message arduino->nucleo and nucleo->arduino functions.

I also noticed that arduino D2 pin was broken. It wont go 0 state at all. this causes me lots of problems because i was using this pin
to ssel to nucleo and connection didnt work because this pin..
some how nucleo has earlier problems about serial communication(usb print) and i search the fault a long time and final try i flash the empty code
with usb setting and print clause and it work. when i define the pins one by time i noticed that D1 pin causes this problem. its not connected now.

version 104. 2.4.2022
i add some timerules that lights will stay on if perso is not in room for 20 seconds. i also made a connections to high voltage side and now i testing the
relays. powerstation it wont shut down, there is some problems with buttons i think.
